this one quintupled being with my linguistics in which it was presented
As a lesson to the world of cinema it is easy to transform these desserts
enrique astudillo ciclismo asked for matter that could with that insurance that
both the impulses
we are ready because like every Friday we welcome you to
our friend lorena garcía nights of fashion shows of new york in
astana now we are going to demonstrate how to cook the chicken in a way
different so the pass to surprise the husband that economic
Very economical chicken with sauce
demus this blood world
25 if we are going to use what is the half light cream
she decides that this product is very good because it is very versatile with using
Embedded as that of regular vitamin cream can use between data
always warm everyone, let's say next to him the one of the animal and he asked himself what
tiger flavor the flat the wake of your success a medium does not use a cream
the judge martina can use as I say in this case what we are going to do
It is ideal for this creamy sauce of billions and has will of the house
they can do it too
let's use a house
half light cream and how good this dish is that we're going to save a little bit of heat and
is also the one of a bit prevented you from doing it partly important in this case
has a quarter cup of mustard dillon as I tell him if he has the speck it
has prepared yellow house also serves about a quarter cup
we're going to mix it in a bowl so we're going to put a quarter cup of
water sincerely regulate the temperature this we are going to mix it well
and we are going to reserve it
apart already ready to cook this is going to be the sauce and tonality we have it to
cook for about five minutes now
we have about 2 pounds of chicken
in breast without you the tenth place
what I do is that the chicken other lands the wood and we cut it in
Band-aids and approximately
a quarter centimeter of diallo and riding or related to the shifa hospital
fried potatoes this we are going to take here now yes to high heat
and I want you to see the chicken strips is already a reality golden brown today
there we go, just when the golden poyete at its point is when we go to
put this cream that we made with water the half cream and tour
we are tired
Although she
then I did this well amaya bar fixed
we are going to lead to errors
this has taken about two or three minutes
once they are seeing that they have already incorporated because of the mustard it
feels very much
once you are incorporated what we do is bring it to a low fire
marked a more advanced age minimum if lark the same as apparently the
cream
in what he called reducing so much already has the consistency or conclusion of the
report and immediately you have a delicious dish that we can serve as rice
with vegetables I quoted the bat nothing else maybe what we're going to make a law that
we have the chicken in strips what I do is put it in a bowl and we go to
place approximately one tablespoon of chicken broth manning was nullified
and this what he is going to do is
that we do not have to put him or salt and pepper symbian to mind we mix it
all right
here I have I mix it well
loved extremely two tablespoons of oil where it prevailed that there is a return to the
normality and how much time has to be seen from ate bagapsh fire how much
have to see
pd so that the term cqc of this fact 5- of consuming that really time already
it is sewn and has been golden and the fake ones automatically
semester and continue
and look very incisive did not walk we put the first one pretty well
moment will do something quickly origin come cream is not in
sale
indian malaysia india from mexico an encouraging to search whereabouts
in the area by green area to the region of atacama recipe with moderation by
hundred
someone has to focus on the security that these little things of five
20 minutes minutes
no longer with him as well as the waist installed a little parsley
chopped and another point up
osorio said that the computer farms in the clear dish that yes
remember in a little bit of light cream aouate
h we are going a little bit in strips and sincerely that area Moscow did not return
Marian chicken spider poisonous spider in parallel the official
the similarities that our website cooking with this point commented that
our telephone number 1 899 5 5 9
have to ask recipes videos
decide to cook with this one or of course yesterday in the world the broken ones and
a finish line in fourth European Cup that put in the safest eye
I had forgotten about it and now it is inside the area.
actress and dessert
to bankruptcy
to this entry through the presentation of the book of orders
emanated from the vanilla chocolate of February
in the ice market